c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\FromEvent.exe.config
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\obj\Debug\FromEvent.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\obj\Debug\FromEvent.Form1.resources
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\obj\Debug\FromEvent.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\obj\Debug\FromEvent.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\FromEvent.exe
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\FromEvent.pdb
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\obj\Debug\FromEvent.exe
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\obj\Debug\FromEvent.pdb
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Providers.dll
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Runtime.Remoting.dll
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Forms.dll
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.dll
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Providers.xml
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Runtime.Remoting.xml
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Forms.xml
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.xml
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\FromEvent.exe.config
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\obj\Debug\FromEvent.exe
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\obj\Debug\FromEvent.pdb
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\FromEvent.exe
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\FromEvent.pdb
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Providers.xml
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Runtime.Remoting.xml
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Forms.xml
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.xml
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\obj\Debug\FromEvent.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\obj\Debug\FromEvent.Form1.resources
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\obj\Debug\FromEvent.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\VSProjects\FromEvent\FromEvent\obj\Debug\FromEvent.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
